[Music]
in the dead of night at Brown Kili
leaves his burrow for the pitch-dark of
the primeval New Zealand forest a Kiwi
is a most distinctive and peculiar type
of bird he's about the size and weight
of a stout chicken but he's more closely
related to an ostrich to help them
locate underground prey in the soil
Kiwis are the only birds in the world to
have nostrils at the tip of their bills
it's more like a snout perfect for
rooting around for grubs
[Music]
but right now the Kiwis here have
something else on their minds a female
sings and alluring serenade
love is in the air these birds are part
of our bigoted group which means we can
film intimate details of their private
behavior brown Kiwis often made to life
and females are very fattening in Kiwi
couples the ladies are normally the ones
in charge but he's happy to follow her
around he flirts by grunting and tapping
her bottom with his beak she takes a lot
of persuading but eventually and
succumbs to his chance
you